thing living living just enough wesley
snipes they were always nice T Allen
Payne
Chris Rock Mario Van Peebles christopher
Williams Vanessa Williams
Tracy Camila Johns and Judd Nelson this
is detective Nick Reddy big crazy
jarhead motorcycle frequent cop just
like you Scotty
on the streets there's a fine line
between wrong and right good and bad
between those who enforce the law it is
a war out there and those who break it
wrong are the days of selling on the
street corners dark alleyways in the
back rooms of some bummy ass bar we with
that no more in a city where survival
depends on friends it's always business
never personal Fozzy do on family we
gotta look out for what about on trust
do wilty on power mama brother's keeper
and my brother's keeper yes a family out
to run a city are up against cops who
know it streets that ain't been this
person
this is big business
this is the American Way